Object oriented programming.
Is ma methodology or paradigm to design a program using Classes and Objects

Object 
Is a real world entity that has teir own properties an behaviours.

Class
Blueprint from wich objects properties a behaviours are decided.

Polymorphism:
Concept in wich a single action can be done in different ways.

Static Polymorphism:
Is the one that is resolved in compile time. Method overloading is an example of compile time polymorphism.

Dynamic Polymorphism:
Dynamic porlymorphism is a process in wich a call to an overridden methos is resolved at runtime. That's why it is called runtime polymorphism.

Advantages:
 - Support method overriding
 - Common method specification.

Example:
Cass A has a method move()
Cass B has a method move()
You create instances of the to classes and you call the method move of each class.

Characteristics of Polymorphism:
 - Operator overloading. (Operator + sum, or concatenate).
 - Polimorphic paarameters. (When you have local variables with the same name as the instance variables).
 
Super Keyword:
Super is a keyword. It is used inside a sub-class mehotd definition to call a  method in the superclass.

Why do we need inheritance?
 - To reduce code redundancy.
 - To improve the readability.
 
What is inheritance?
Is pa procedure, in wich a sub class inherits all the properties and behaviours of a super class.

Which types of inheritance ares supported in Java:
 - Single inheritance.
 - Multi-level inheritance.
 - Hierarchical inheritance.
 - Hybrid inheritance.
 
Single inheritance:
Is a process where a subclass inherits all properties and behaviour of a single super class.

Multi-level inheritance:
Is a process where a subclass inherits all the properties and behaviours of more than one super class at multiple levels.

Hierarchical inheritance:
Is a process where one or more subclasses inherits all the properties and beaviours of one super class.

Hybrid inheritance:
Is a combination of one or more inheritances.

Overloading:
Is a feature that allows a class to have more than one method having the same name, if their argument list are different.

Three types of method overloading:
 - Number of parameters.
 - Data types of the parameters.
 - Sequence of the data type of the parameters.

Overriding:
Is a feature that allows the parent class and the subclass to have a same method.

Rules of method overriding:
 - The argument list of the child should match the parent class.
 - Access modifier of the child class should be less restrictive than the parent class.
 - Local parameters cannot be overridden.
 
